# Project01-MovieWall

## Submission Comments

---
- This program reads a CSV file of movies and extracts each movie, the cast member of each movie, and their respective role(s). They're then stored into a "database", and this database is used to search for an actor that is given by the user. The actor's movie(s) and role(s) are then displayed, and the user has the option to select another actor or exit the program. Alternatively, if the user enters an actor that does not exist or mispells an actor, a suggestion is given to them and they have the option to display that actor instead.

- Before I came to display anything to the user, I first read the CSV file using BufferedReader which would read each row in a loop. For each row, I used the split function to extract just the title. However for the cast members and characters, I needed to do something differently since they were in a column that was in JSON format. Using the substring function, I extracted the JSON portion and put it into its own variable. So working with just the JSON line now, I took the indices of each cast member and character and used these indices to identify who the exact cast members and characters were. Each cast member would then be stored into a list, and each character would be stored into another list. Having now the title of the movie, a list for the cast members, and a list for the characters, I would put all of these into an object of a Movie class I created. This process would be repeated until each movie in the CSV file was stored into their own object. Subsequently all the movie objects would then be stored into an object of a class called movieList, which simply just contains a list of Movie objects. Now using the list of all these movies, I was able to get each actor and put them into their own object of a class called Actor. Each Actor object would just hold the name of the actor, a list of their movies, and a list of their respective roles. I would then populate another object of a class called actorList, which simply contained a list of Actor objects. Now that I had a list of the Actor objects, it was then time to display and get input from the user. The user's input would be used to search the actorList object of a given object. If there was a match, the correct actor and their movies + roles would be displayed. For there being no match, I used the binarySearchInsert function that we used in a previous lab to get an actor that was close to the input. From here I just worked on making everything look neat for the user, and this brought the project to an end.

- Runtime Complexity: O(nlogn) / Space Complexity O(n^2)